# database-design-and-development-project
SOUTH DUBLIN HOUSING COUNCIL REPAIRS DATABASE There are seven items in this repository: 1. An export of the South Dublin Housing Council Repairs Database in an sql file which is to be imported into phpMyadmin to be viewed. It is best to view the database on the Apache server. The file is called south_dublin_housing_council_coddsrules.sql. It can be opened with notepad++ to view the database in SQL language. 2. An sql file which has the SQL code which was used to carry out Codd’s Rules in the South Dublin Housing Council Repairs database. This file is called sql_queries_south_dublin_housing_council_coddsrules.sql. It can be viewed in notepad ++. 3. There is also a pdf explaining each of Codd’s Rules and showing how they were proved in the South Dublin Housing Council Repairs database. The pdf file is called CODDS RULES FOR SOUTH DUBLIN HOUSING COUNCIL.pdf. 4. There is also a pdf file showing the database in xml design. The pdf contains a schematic, a DTD, XML file structure and 10 XPATH queries. The pdf is called southdublinxml.pdf. 5. There is also an xml file containing everything from number 4 except the schematic in an xml file. The xml file is called southdublinhousingcouncilxml.xml and can be viewed in notepad++. 6. A readme file in pdf format. 7. A pdf file which contains the design of the database and the website linked to the database. The file is called Database and Website Design.pdf. The differences between the design and the completed database are outlined in the readme file.
